# Web-Fundamentals-
 
	The web is consisted of many different text pages, animations, videos, music files, and much more. All these pages and information are connected. When there is a collection of webpages on the same computer it is called a website. On every webpage it has links within it which is called “hypertext links”. When clicking on a hypertext link, the link will take you to another page on the website or could take you to another website wholly. To visit a webpage, you need to type in the name of the webpage you want to visit in the URL, the url is the sites address that you insert into the top bar in order to be directed to the page you want to visit.  	Once the web name is in URL the computer uses its web browser. The web browser is what finds the information by conversing in HTTP code, a language the internet uses to pull up the A-Z index of the internet. It is what tells your computer to search for something . The HTTP is what allows your computer to launch information off of other computers using a standard process. From there the page will load its information onto the website, allowing the user to view what they wanted to search. Lastly, the difference between the web and the internet, the internet is the network of computers thats linked by telephone lines. The web can run through the internet as well. For example, emails are passed through the internet, and the net is what swaps messaging back and fourth. But, when you google something for information is it using the web. 
